Last week,
virtually every media outlet from around the world reported on the newly
discovered void inside the great pyramid of Giza,
a massive chamber discovered through particle physics and muan technology,
approximately 100 feet or 30 meters in length and about 26 feet high.
But in this video, I'm gonna discuss something of bit different,
which is the completely unusual reaction from the two most leading authorities
on Egyptology and archeology. Take for example,
mark Laneer and Zahi Hawa. Well, let's start with mark Laneer,
who said two things that completely contradicted the press briefing on behalf of
scan pyramids. He stated that one, this void is an incline,
so it's likely to not have any type of burial or any type of artifacts inside of
it.
And he also theorized that it was likely to be a structural support necessary to
keep weight off the grand gallery. But wait a second,
this completely contradicts what the president and co-founder of heritage
innovation preservation Institute,
which of course oversees the G pyramids project.
His name is Medi Tai and he specifically states that they have no idea if
this void is horizontal or inclined.
And also the engineers overseeing this project have completely ruled out the
possibility that this void has any type of purpose involving the structural
integrity of the pyramid itself.
So here you have mark Laneer doing interviews with the BBC,
the New York times and other media outlets from around the world,
but did he even read or watch the press briefing?
Did he even look at any of the information?
He immediately starts doing interviews and contradicts the actual facts that
were presented in this find? I mean, where is his due diligence?
Mark Lane is the director of ancient Egypt research association.
And his works are cited in virtually every textbook and the subject of the
pyramids and the Finks around the world. And then you have Zahi Hawa,
the form of minister of antiquities for Egypt,
who was of course fired for a variety of reasons.
And then just a few years later was implicated in a,
the theft of ancient relics from pyramids and got off the hook because of his
connections and inside corruption.
This is the same guy who has completely refused to acknowledge or even discuss
the water erosion around the enclosure of the Finks.
He's also refused to discuss the site of go Beckley Tepe,
and he has some really unusual reactions to this new newly discovered void in
the great pyramid quote.
This paper offers nothing to Egyptology zero.
He even referred to the individuals involved as propaganda and saying that they
were wrong to call their findings a new discovery.
And this is where things get a bit more interesting because he goes on to state
that Egyptologists and archeologists have known for you years about the
existence of several spaces inside the great pyramid.
And mark Laneer said something similar,
where he told the New York times that the great pyramid is like Swiss cheese
rather than cheddar. And saying that this void is most likely no big deal.
Wait a second.
So a void that has remarkable similarities to that of the grand gallery is no
big deal,
but what's with this analogy of Swiss cheese and these many other voids that
they've known about. I mean,
can you show me some publications that mention all these voids?
I only know of one other one,
which was discovered two years ago through scan and pyramids,
and you can see it here mentioned in the same discovery as this massive void,
same company, same organization. And two years ago down to almost the day,
they still haven't drilled into it. And by they, the Egyptian authorities,
I mean, how long does it take to drill a hole to make the decision to do so?
And they just sitting on this,
they've known that there's been a void in the great pyramid for more than two
years, and they've done nothing about it. Don't you find that interesting.
The reason why you should find that interesting is because there's already
examples of a coverup where the Egyptian authorities,
including Zahi have done research inside the great pyramid of Giza without the
public's knowledge and lied about it. Take for example,
the 1993 versus 2002 research of this small tunnel shaft
inside the great pyramid where after the Egyptian authorities,
since Iwas had said that no one had been in there ever since when they revisited
the site, nine years later, the two handles were broken and missing.
And clearly there's some, they had gone in there. This is be honest,
they did their own research and they found some reason to lie about it.
What's that about?
But let me keep going because the evidence actually gets more disturbing.
Why would mark Laneer and ZAWA be so dismissive of this new find, well,
you may not be aware,
but four days prior to the November 2nd press release of the newly discovered
void mark Laneer and ZAWA release their new book that they co-wrote together
titled the definitive history Giza and the pyramids.
And that was released on October 29th.
And when you consider the obvious fact that mark Laneer had no idea of the
information that was presented at press release prior,
he was obviously left outta the loop and CMAA who condemned these people as
propaganda and said that he should be more involved.
Maybe just maybe their book doesn't contain any of the information at all these
voids, this cheddar, this Swiss cheese analogy. I haven't read the book,
but can anyone answer and leave a comment,
whether they mention anything about these multiple voids or if they just
mentioned that one, which of course was covered from two years ago?
What about the rest? Because this seems to be new to me. I mean,
did I miss the memo was this mentioned in some text book about all these other
voids. I mean, it doesn't seem like the public or there's any information,
or can someone provide a publication from anything written from Zhi was,
or mark Laneer including this book or anywhere else. Hmm.
Now if you think I'm reaching on the suppression and cover up of information
and knowledge from the masses on behalf of these mainstream Egypt and
archeologists, well take just one example of that, of the great Finks.
And I made a video on this, the link of the end of the video, of course,
but mark Laneer was the first to excavate the tunnels underneath the Finks.
And this was in the seventies. And then he,
and ZAWA had denied the existence of these tunnels for decades until ZAWA
eventually admitted it and said, well, these don't go anywhere.
There's nothing down there. And as you can see here,
they never even show you one picture,
not one video exists at all of these hidden chambers and tunnels that do indeed
exist under this FIS. I mean,
to change your stories and deny it and not to have one picture of video and
existence of these tunnels, guys connect the dots on this,
but it gets even worse. Mark Laneer, even though he himself,
and you could see in videos, and I have a video on this too,
the link will be at the end where every single example of how the ancient
Egyptians or at least the theories of how they cut and carve stone has been
ultimately debunked.
And this all ties back and to the theories that the great pyramid of Giza was
built prior to the cataly of 12,000 years ago.
But the information is there that strongly suggests that the great pyramid of
Giza was something far more advanced, sophisticated, and technologically based.
And the authorities that oversee these sites know about it.
And it's time that we start asking new questions and that the heart up this
stupid process and drill the holes into these chambers to see what is in there,
drill a three millimeter or one inch hole they've already discussed doing it
because where it stands right now,
they say they wanna spend the next couple years having archeologists and
Egyptologists from around the world,
consider and debate and discuss what this void might be. Shut up,
drill the fricking hole, stick a camera in there and find out.
But when you look at what happened between 1993 and 2002, well,
something just tells me that the authorities that do run the show wanna see
first. So it makes you wonder what's really going on there,
but I'll close up there. I'm Jimmy, this is bright insight. I can subscribe,
leave me a comment. And as you can see, I got a new place.
I got a new like moved and this studio I'll have to make a video about that.
<laugh> so this will all be changing as I make upgrades as we go. But anyways,
I'll close up there.
Check out the videos that are linked here and take care of everybody. All.